Is void in object?
>> Void is a data type.
So data types are not objects.
So it's not an option, but
you can't have a variable of type void.
And so
you cannot have a value of type void.
So you can have void objects, but void by
itself is a type types are not objects,
at least not the normal objects.
So Int is not an object,
you can have objects of type Int, okay?
Makes sense.
>> What does it mean when there are square
back brackets in the parameter list?
>> I'm not sure if we have
one of those examples, but
typically if you have a function call,
and you have square brackets,
typically that's a list.
So you're passing a list as an argument.
Again, it depends on the case here
we'll see a couple of these cases later
in flutter, where some arguments will
need a list but here as in JavaScript.
When you see a square brackets
you're looking at a list,
so arrays, collections of data.
If you have a function returning a list,
the type goes first.
And it goes like this list, and then you
use angle brackets, not square bracket.
So if you wanna list of
integers that creates a great,
at least it will be like this and
your return something like this.
There, I'm not sure if you understand
where that sample is coming from.
>> Yeah, he said it's code that
he was reading elsewhere and
in the function signature,
the parameters had string, string,
string, and then bracket,
string question mark or whatever.
>> Well, yeah,
probably I have to see the code and
try to think exactly what's going on, but
because it can be many things, actually.
Yeah, we'll have to see the code.
But anyway,
every time you see this is typically we're
talking about lists,
maybe it can be a default value of a list.
I don't know.
It can be many things, all right?
But have in mind that you don't have
anything after the function name,
all right?
So like this, so here it goes first,
like in copying or
Swift, you define the type after,
here it's.
>> What are function parameters?
So in create list you
would go like string name.
>> We weren't doing this, but
was not angled it just curly braces, okay?
>> Yeah, not curly braces, so it just be
like a string name not what the brackets.
>> You're talking about this,
something like this.
>> And then, yeah.
>> This is where you're
saying something like this.
>> Yes string and
then there was a question mark.
>> Yeah, this is making it like optional.
Actually, we're not going
to use this in flutter.
So flutter doesn't use this pattern, okay?
Have you seen, now I understand
what [LAUGH] what was the idea.
So actually you can make this
with positional arguments.
So also like this.
>> Exactly,
that's how it was working, yep.
>> Like that to be it.
That's how it works.
But most of the time,
you're going to mix this between, so
the premise that everything you put
there must have the same signature.
And most of the time, what we want is to
use curly braces because typically you
have many arguments, some of them
mandatory, some of them optional.
So for example, in this case I'm making.
A name require and then for example,
you can have an optional age or
something like that and for this, okay?
We have to use some
kind of the map Syntax.
There is actually curly braces.
So we can actually mix
requires with optionals.
So do have any question on the chat?
>> You said, okay, so like required
arguments with optional named arguments.
>> Yeah, we're not going to
use that in flutter actually.
So there are many other things in that as
the language that are typically useful for
backend development, for example.
But the flutter SDK is not using
because of several reasons, so
I tried to stay here today in the parts
of the language that you will use in
a flutter application.
But there are more things like mixing and
other stuff that you can get
into the dart website, dart.dev.
That's a website used to be.lang.org,
but now because we have the Dart dev,
top-level domain, it's Dart or Dev.
There is a nice step by step, playground
based, let's say documentation there so
we can go step by step with
everything within that.
>> And then in arguments they cannot be
renamed like named in the other language.
>> They're part of the signature.
Okay, so you cannot rename them so
I know what you're.
>> Because we did it like fun.
>> So what you're asking if?
Okay, I got you.
>> If we have another name
for the outside?
>> So you wanna use a different name?
>> For the outside.
>> For the argument and
a different name for the local variable.
Yeah, no like in Swift.
>> Yeah, in swifts though.
>> No.
>> Just check.
Just asking.
>> No way to go up here.
>> [LAUGH] Okay.